so we are here at the Austin game
delivers conference when Victor of we're
going to net you guys have a massive
multiplayer online RPG called world of
tanks which kind of merges the
traditional MMO RPG elements with
first-person shooter is that correct yes
I would like to thank you for the
opportunity to talk to your viewers and
readers yes World of Tanks is simple
it's MMO about tanks it's a whole world
filled with tanks well but being serious
it's more the closest description would
be counter strike which tanks that's
what thousands of our players nickname
us and we and we we are happy to stick
with this definition counter-strike of
Tanks this is one part of the game and
there's the second part which is a
persistent world and the best
description probably would be online but
not in the star constellations but with
math Europe you know world war two times
but in territories you conquer like like
a total war or how to fire and our
civilizations file games so what are
some of the really unique gameplay
elements of your game offers that no
other game out there offers aside from
tanks itself
I know so there's like there's a whole
crew of characters that you have for
your tank is that really unique elements
well let me concentrate on our basic
core gameplay that's much more to the
game and it's going to be development
for another 5 and maybe 10 years but the
basic game in mechanics is this couple
of square miles battlefields and two
teams 15 verses 15 real players pvp and
they fight a battle which lasts five
maybe ten minutes it's dynamic its vast
furious it's mechanized